CRM Software Solutions Company for Service Businesses | Copper CRM
Product
Features
Organize contacts
Keep all your relationships in one place
Track deals
Set up the pipelines that work for you
Manage projects
Build workflows that keep everything moving
Elevate emails
Build, personalize, scale and automate
Automate tasks
Create recurring tasks and notifications
Get reports
See how your business is doing with custom reports
Integrate apps
Connect to your favorite apps and tools
Mobile app
Stay connected wherever you go
Google Workspace CRM
Manage contacts, deals, and more, in one place
Integrations
Integrate Copper with your favorite apps in one click ⚡
Neal Hansch
CEO and Managing Partner at Silicon Foundry
Chrome extension
Manage contacts, deals, emails, and more in one place ✨
Neal Hansch
CEO and Managing Partner at Silicon Foundry
Mobile app
Log calls and SMS automatically so accounts are always up to date.
Neal Hansch
CEO and Managing Partner at Silicon Foundry
Industries
Copper for
Agencies
Power your lead gen and project delivery
Consulting
Grow client relationships and simplify work
Commercial Production
Turn your producers into strategic partners
Media & Creators
Manage sponsors, partners, and campaigns easily
Corporate Development
Nurture founder relationships and outreach
Financial Services
Manage finances and compliance with ease
Construction
Win bids and deliver your team’s best work
Mobile app
"With Copper, there was almost no setup time since it worked with Gmail. Plus, there were all these integrations that we could use right away. We were sold."
Brad Roberston
Partner
Mobile app
"It took us 3 months at HubSpot and it took us 3 days to get up and running in Copper. Copper is so much easier for a small team."
Kelly Jennings
Studio Director, Exit Design
Mobile app
“We use Copper for inbound and outbound, both to sell and to service. It touches all parts of our business, rather than just serving as a sales pipeline or our client rolodex.”
Neal Hansch
CEO and Managing Partner at Silicon Foundry
Pricing
Google Workspace CRM
Resources
Resources
Blog
Discover tips and strategies to grow your business
Webinars
Tune in and learn from our experts
Guides and eBooks
Upgrade your CRM skills with expert advice
CRM resource hub
Everything you need to choose the right CRM
Customer stories
Get inspired and learn from Copper customers
Help Center
Find answers and tips for mastering Copper
Developer API
Build apps that connect with Copper
Top 5 folk CRM alternatives...
Looking for a folk CRM alternative in 2026? We broke down the ...
Neal Hansch
CEO and Managing Partner at Silicon Foundry
Why your CRM should live ins...
Your client relationships already live in Gmail, Calendar, and...
Neal Hansch
CEO and Managing Partner at Silicon Foundry
What agencies get wrong abou...
Most agencies are "doing AI" wrong. Learn the 4 mistakes impac...
Neal Hansch
CEO and Managing Partner at Silicon Foundry
Login
Get demo
Try Copper free
Go to Copper
Recommended for Google Workspace
Be there for your clients, every step of the way
.
Try Copper free
Get a demo
Consulting
Coaching
Agencies
Construction
Creators
Media
Financial Advisors
Production
No more switching tabs.
Do it all in Copper
.
Google Workspace
Activity Feed
Sales & Projects
Mobile App
Copper is trusted by 30,000+ companies of all sizes
"I work in consulting and
keeping my tech stack small is important
. I don't want to spend all day clicking between apps just to get work done.
Copper's smooth integration
with
Gmail
is a godsend."
Kristen S
CEO
Orderology
Your entire customer journey in one place
.
Connect
Win
Deliver
Repeat
Connect with leads
Whether it's referrals, paid ads, events or organic, wherever your leads come from, Copper can collect and take immediate action.
Add every lead
Use our contact form for website visitors, or scan business cards at events.
Email series & automations
Respond instantly to form submissions and send welcome or follow up emails.
Google Workspace
Add leads, track conversations, find files or manage tasks directly in Gmail and Google Calendar.
LinkedIn
Research and add prospects on LinkedIn (or any website) without switching tabs.
Win deals
Know where every lead is at in your sales process and move opportunities to the next stage. Sort by value, understand the win probability, and identify slipping deals.
Pipelines
Make sales more visual using drag-and-drop pipelines with AI-powered flags and alerts.
Pipeline automations
Automatically trigger emails or reminders when you move an opportunity to the next stage.
Reporting
Create custom reports to project revenue, identify customer trends, view team activity, and more.
Contracts & proposals
Draft in Google Docs, or integrate with tools like PandaDoc, DocuSign and QuickBooks for a seamless sales process.
Deliver projects
Kick off a new project directly from a closed opportunity. Say goodbye to handoff documents, your entire team can finally live in a single tool.
Project management
Duplicate your closed deals into a project to handle service delivery, onboarding and more.
Tasks
Assign tasks and follow-ups from a centralized task lists, or within projects.
Task & workflow automation
Stop doing admin work. Log calls, meetings, asks and activities without lifting a finger.
Collaboration
Bring the whole family – sales, project managers, creatives, finance, contractors and more.
Create repeat business
Loyal customers fuel long-term success. Stay engaged, follow up with ease, and never miss an opportunity to reconnect.
Feed
Get a bird's-eye view of your team's activity across customer emails, projects, tasks and more.
Rekindle emails
Reconnect with contacts you haven't heard from in a while. Automatically.
Get feedback
Once a project wraps up, automatically send a follow-up email to request a review or referral.
Mobile app
Move relationships forward while you're on the go.
Everything you need to do your best work
.
Copper is purpose-built to help relationship-focused businesses manage their entire customer journey.
Try Copper free
Templates
Not sure where to start?
We’ve got templates for that
From AI email responses, to pipeline and form templates. Start with one of ours or create your own to save time.
Customization
Customize the info you track
Create your own labels, tags, owners, and more, so everyone has context and everything stays organized.
Mobile app
Stay connected wherever you go
Log calls and SMS automatically so every interaction is tracked and accounts are always up to date.
Integrations
Connect the tools you’re already using
Copper's powerful integrations seamlessly connect with your favorite tools to bring in even more customer information.
"With Copper{{copper}}, there was
almost no setup time
since it worked with Gmail{{gmail}}. Plus, there were all these
integrations
that we could use right away. We were sold."
Learn how Polymath uses Copper
Meet the folks who chose Copper.
More happy customers
"The Gmail integration is my favorite Copper feature. It makes it easy to add new leads, people, etc... I also love the task tool and how it integrates with Gmail and Calendar."
Atira R.
"As a small business I love that Copper can keep my emails and tasks organized. The large CRM platforms were too much. As my day is all email, Copper is just what I need."
Liane C.
"I love the Google plugin. My business uses Google Workspace for just about everything we do, and the Copper + Google Workspace integration is fantastic."
Daniel K.
"Great CRM for Gmail users. Copper's unique angle is that it is tightly integrated with Gmail - so as you're emailing contacts, you can easily add those people and opportunities into your CRM. This makes it very easy to use which saves a lot of time and makes CRM updates less of a chore."
Andrew W.
"Copper keeps track of all correspondence with your customers. It also sends you reminders via email and allows you to email your work colleagues. The layout is very user-friendly, and the information is accessi