Team chat & communication software for businesses - Zoho Cliq
Business communication software for teams
Work how you want from wherever you want. Zoho Cliq streamlines your business communication and fuels effortless conversations within teams and external stakeholders through organization, automation, and AI.
Try for free
Anchor Point UCaas Solution
ISG Research 2023: Must have for Modern Communication Collaboration Needs
Leader
G2 Spring Reports: Grid and Momentum Leader in Business Instant Messaging
Start your 15-day free trial
Brands using Zoho Cliq
Uninterrupted Work
Learn more
Your central hub for
uninterrupted team collaboration
Remote
chats
channel
history
files
calendar
notes
projects
org
Everything that matters, all in one place
Connect without limitations
Break down silos in your organization and connect with colleagues effortlessly. Be it internal communication or external communication with vendors and agencies, keep conversations flowing through chats, channels, and online meetings in Zoho Cliq.
Communicate
with ease
Find the best time to start discussions. Communicate instantly and arrive at conclusions with synchronous communication tools like calls, or schedule your conversations and work with teammates across time zones using asynchronous voice and video messages.
Collaborate with maximum productivity
Keep your team on track and save time with better planning. Unlock the full potential of online meetings with a collaborative whiteboard and screen sharing. Manage your day-to-day tasks and stay on top of your schedule with the built-in calendar. Plus, meet all your deadlines with contextual reminders.
Centralize conversations and information
Maintain a centralized hub for your teams. With Zoho Cliq, you can give your employees access to people, data, and actions in the same space, while also displaying information from your key external apps through integrations.
Customize your
overall experience
Make Zoho Cliq your own. With Cliq's admin panel, explore the range of customizations available for your business by setting up your own domain, brand assets, and themes. Have the app work the way you want with easy-to-build components in Cliq’s developer platform.
Connect
Communicate
Collaborate
Centralize
Customize
Features that power your team's productivity
AI-powered conversations
Summarize chats instantly and save time.
Seamless integrations
Connect your favorite tools to stay productive.
Workflow automation
Automate repetitive tasks for better efficiency.
Awards & Recognition
Why Businesses love Zoho Cliq
Zoho Cliq supports teams of all sizes, empowering almost
500,000
users globally
We use Cliq every minute of every hour of every day. Without Cliq, our communication would have been a lot more difficult. Cliq has been the biggest surprise. We never even thought about bringing a product like that into printIQ, but once we started using it, the email traffic internally dropped significantly and now everyone is chatting all the time across the world over Cliq.
Adrian Fleming
Global Director of Sales, printIQ
Zoho Cliq is not only a chat application, but also an information lifeline for the company. We can easily collaborate on multiple projects, attend meetings and screen-sharing sessions, and instantly exchange documents to bring out the best campaigns for our clients. It helps us feel that we are working together (physically) even when we are not.
Xavier Tan
Co-Founder, Heroes of Digital
"One Business Solutions"
Designed to
suit your needs
No matter the industry, communication is key. Zoho Cliq is designed to accommodate all kinds of teams and businesses.
Enterprise
With Cliq’s enterprise-grade security and admin controls, members of your organization can communicate securely.
Learn more
Hybrid work
Connect with employees across time zones with online collaboration tools.
Learn more
Software
Build and deploy software with Zoho Cliq’s built-in developer tools. Share code snippets, identify bugs, review progress, and iterate, all from the Cliq platform.
Learn more
Education
Conduct trainings, courses, and webinars with virtual meetings, screen sharing, whiteboard collaboration, channels, and file sharing.
Learn more
Getting started with
team communication is simple
Zoho Cliq is easy to set up. Kick-start your internal
communication in a few clicks.
1. Sign up
Create a new account by filling in your organization’s details.
2. Set up
Navigate to Cliq’s admin panel to get your organization account ready.
3. Onboard
Start onboarding your employees as users and start collaborating!
Get personalized assistance
Get Cliq
for mobile
Collaborate with your team even while you are away from your desktop with
Zoho Cliq for mobile and wearables.
Easy migration
Migrating from your existing solution to Cliq is a breeze. Our
help guides
show you how to import your data so you can pick up right where you left off.
Full-time support
Looking for help or a product demo?
Get in touch
and we’ll be happy to assist you.
Try Zoho Cliq for your business
Sign up for free