Telegram APIs
Follow on X
Home
FAQ
Apps
API
Protocol
Schema
Telegram APIs
We offer three kinds of APIs for developers. The
Bot API
allows you to easily create programs that use Telegram messages for an interface. The
Telegram API and TDLib
allow you to build your own customized Telegram clients. You are welcome to use both APIs free of charge. Lastly, the
Gateway API
allows any business, app or website to send verification codes through Telegram instead of traditional SMS.
You can also add
Telegram Widgets
to your website.
Designers are welcome to create
Animated Stickers and Emoji
or
Custom Themes
for Telegram.
Bot API
This API allows you to connect bots to our system.
Telegram Bots
are special accounts that do not require an additional phone number to set up. These accounts serve as an interface for code running somewhere on your server.
To use this, you don't need to know anything about how our MTProto encryption protocol works — our intermediary server will handle all encryption and communication with the Telegram API for you. You communicate with this server via a simple HTTPS interface that offers a simplified version of the Telegram API.
Learn more about the Bot API here »
Bot developers can also make use of our
Payments API
to accept
payments
from Telegram users around the world.
TDLib – build your own Telegram
Even if you're looking for maximum customization, you don't have to create your app from scratch. Try our
Telegram Database Library
(or simply TDLib), a tool for third-party developers that makes it easy to build fast, secure and feature-rich Telegram apps.
TDLib takes care of all
network implementation
details,
encryption
and
local data storage
, so that you can dedicate more time to design, responsive interfaces and beautiful animations.
TDLib supports all Telegram features and makes developing Telegram apps a breeze on any platform. It can be used on Android, iOS, Windows, macOS, Linux and virtually any other system. The library is open source and compatible with virtually
any programming language
.
Learn more about TDLib here »
Gateway API
The Telegram Gateway API allows any business, app or website to send authorization codes through Telegram instead of traditional SMS – offering a powerful and convenient way to
lower costs
while increasing the
security
and
delivery speed
of your codes to Telegram’s 1 billion monthly active users. Users will
instantly receive
messages with codes in a special chat inside Telegram.
Telegram's Gateway API is completely free to test. Learn more here »
Telegram API
This API allows you to build your own customized Telegram clients. It is 100% open for all developers who wish to create Telegram applications on our platform. Feel free to study the open
source code
of existing Telegram applications for examples of how things work here. Don't forget to
register
your application in our system.
Getting Started
Security
Optimization
API methods
Getting started
Creating an application
How to get your application identifier and create a new Telegram app.
User authorization
How to register a user's phone to start using the API.
Two-factor authentication
How to log in to a user's account if they have enabled 2FA, and how to change the password.
QR code login
QR code
login flow.
Passkeys
Telegram allows creating a passkey on your device to instantly log in to Telegram with a PIN or biometric data like Face ID and fingerprints — instead of an SMS code.
Error handling
How to handle API return errors correctly.
Handling different data centers
How to connect to the closest DC access point for faster interaction with the API, and things to watch out for when developing a client.
Handling updates
How to subscribe to updates and handle them properly.
Handling PUSH-notifications
How to subscribe and handle them properly.
Channels, supergroups, gigagroups and basic groups
How to handle channels, supergroups, gigagroups, basic groups, and what's the difference between them.
Forums
Telegram allows creating forums with multiple distinct topics.
Bots can also make use of topics, if enabled through
@botfather
.
Direct messages to channels
Telegram supports direct messages to channels, which can also be used to suggest (even paid) channel posts.
Channel statistics
Telegram offers detailed statistics for channels and supergroups.
Message views and read metrics
How to report read state, channel post views, message read metrics and music listens.
Calling methods
Additional options for calling methods.
Uploading and downloading files
How to transfer large data batches correctly.
Pagination
How to fetch results from large lists of objects.
Client configuration
The MTProto API has multiple client configuration parameters that can be fetched with the appropriate methods.
Calls
Telegram supports E2E-encrypted one-to-one calls.
Group calls
Telegram supports E2E-encrypted group calls.
Security
Secret chats, end-to-end encryption
End-to-end-encrypted messaging.
Security guidelines
Important checks required in your client application.
Perfect Forward Secrecy
Binding temporary authorization keys to permanent ones.
End-to-End Encryption in Voice and Video Calls
End-to-end-encrypted calls.
End-to-End Encryption in Group Calls
End-to-end-encrypted group calls.
Perfect Forward Secrecy in Secret Chats
Re-keying secret chats to provide Perfect Forward Secrecy.
Sequence numbers in Secret Chats
How to assign and interpret
seq_no
counters in secret chats.
Optimization
Client optimization
Ways to boost API interactions.
API methods
Available method list
A list of available high-level methods.
API TL-schema
,
as JSON
Text and JSON presentation of types and methods used in the API.
Layer changelog
A detailed changelog of available schema versions.
Other articles
Working with bots, using the MTProto API
How to work with bots using the MTProto API.
AI features
Telegram offers many AI features powered by
Cocoon
— a decentralized network designed to maximize privacy.
Bot API dialog IDs
A bot API dialog ID is a single, unique 64-bit peer ID sequence derived from the user, chat, channel and secret chat ID sequences, maintaining uniqueness across all of them.
This page
specifies how to convert MTProto peer IDs to bot API dialog IDs and vice versa.
Managed bots
Users can create
managed
bots (which are controlled by a specific manager bot) directly through the MTProto API, without interacting with
@BotFather
.
Commands
Bots
offer a set of commands that can be used by users in private, or in a chat.
Buttons
Users can interact with your bot via
buttons
or even
inline buttons
, straight from inline
messages
in
any
chat.
Menu button
Bots can choose the behavior of the menu button shown next to the text input field.
Inline queries
Users can interact with your bot via
inline queries
, straight from the
text input field
in
any
chat.
Games
Bots can offer users HTML5 games to play solo or to compete against each other in groups and one-on-one chats; how to work with games in the MTProto API.
Mini apps
Bots can offer users interactive
HTML5 mini apps
to completely replace
any website
.
Affiliate programs
Developers can open affiliate programs for their
mini app
– allowing
content creators
, other
mini app developers
and
any Telegram user
to promote it and earn commissions on purchases made by people they referred.
Attachment menu
Bots can install attachment menu entries, offering conveniently accessible, versatile mini apps.
Editing bot info
Users can edit and localize the profile picture, name, about text and description of bots they own; the same can be done by the bots themselves.
AI bots
Telegram bots offer a number of features for AI chatbots.
Guest mode
Guest bots can be queried by username from any non-secret private chat, group and supergroup, posting their results directly into the chat, even if they're not a member.
Bot-to-bot communication »
Bots may receive and send messages to and from other bots in groups, private chats and chats, if Bot-to-Bot Communicatio