LinkedIn Marketing API Program - LinkedIn | Microsoft Learn
Skip to main content
This browser is no longer supported.
Upgrade to Microsoft Edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support.
Download Microsoft Edge
More info about Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge
LinkedIn Marketing API Program
The LinkedIn Marketing Platform helps businesses grow by building technology to reach, engage, and convert professional audiences at scale. The platform offers APIs to create LinkedIn marketing campaigns, to report campaign performance, to manage leads, and to grow a company Page.
Quickstart
Quick Start
Overview
Getting API Access
How-To Guide
Authentication
How-To Guide
API Versioning
Overview
Data Storage Requirements
What's new
What's New
LinkedIn Marketing APIs
Advertising
With Advertising APIs, streamline your campaign management, audience targeting, and track performance to optimize  advertising efforts.
Campaign Management
Integration Requirements - Advertising API
Reporting and Analytics
Integration Requirements - Reporting
Event Management
Streamline event operations, amplify visibility, and drive meaningful connections within the professional landscape with Events APIs (Management & Ads).
Overview
Events
Event Management API Usecases
Integration Requirements
Community Management
Efficiently manage and engage with their LinkedIn communities, enhancing social media presence and interactions on the platform.
Overview
Page Access Management
Page and Content Analysis
Shares & Social Stream
Monitor Mentions of Your Brand
Mention a Member or a Brand
Integration Requirements
Lead Sync
Seamlessly synchronize lead data captured through LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms with customer relationship management (CRM) systems and simplify lead management and follow-up processes.
Overview
Lead Sync
Lead Sync API Use Cases
Integration Requirements
Matched Audiences
Reach specific audiences by uploading contact lists, website retargeting, or utilizing account targeting for more precise Ad campaigns on the platform.
Overview
DMP Segments
DMP Segment Users
DMP Segment Destinations
DMP Segment Companies
DMP Segment List
Website Retargeting
Ad Segments
Predictive Audiences
Matched Audiences API Use Cases
Integration Requirements
Audience Insights
Provides valuable data and analytics to advertisers, helping you better understand and target your audience on the platform for more effective and tailored marketing campaigns.
Overview
Audience Insights API
Audience Insights API Use Cases
Integration Requirements
Media Planning
Enables marketers to have a better understanding of investment delivery against valuable audiences and objectives
Overview
Media Planning API
Manage Media Plans
Media Planning API Use Cases
Integration Requirements
Conversions
Securely and accurately track and measure the impact of their LinkedIn ad campaigns by sending conversion event data directly to LinkedIn, to help optimize your advertising efforts.
Overview
Conversions API
Getting Access to Conversions API
Deduplication
Enabling Click IDs
Google Tag Manager Server-Side Tagging
Conversions API Payload Builder
Use Cases - Conversions API
Integration Requirements
Company Intelligence
Gain insights into company level data for all companies reached via LinkedIn with engagement score, paid impressions, paid clicks, leads, organic impressions, and organic engagements.
Overview
Company Intelligence API
Integration Requirements
Support and Developer Resources
These resources can help you stay on top of new features, developer portal access, migrations, and deprecations.
Migrations
Stay on top of breaking changes related to migration.
Developer Portal
Stay on top of the developer offerings though our portal.
Developer Blog
Stay on top of the latest feature updates via available on our blog post.
Support
Refer to LinkedIn API Partner Support for how to reach Developer Support.
en-us
Your Privacy Choices
Theme
Light
Dark
High contrast
AI Disclaimer
Previous Versions
Blog
Contribute
Privacy
Consumer Health Privacy
Terms of Use
Trademarks
© Microsoft 2026