Mailchimp Developer
Skip to main content
Products
Mailchimp Marketing API
Power timely, relevant marketing campaigns with custom data pulled directly from your app.
Mailchimp Transactional
Send targeted and event-driven messages to anyone, fast—with best-in-class deliverability.
Mailchimp Open Commerce
Control your commerce future with a modular, API-first commerce stack.
Tools
Release Notes
Blog
Sales: +1 (833) 799-4315
Build with Mailchimp
Mailchimp’s developer tools provide everything you need to integrate your data with intelligent marketing tools and event-driven transactional email and SMS.
Mailchimp Marketing API
Send marketing campaigns
Quick Start
API Reference
Documentation
Mailchimp’s Marketing API powers timely, relevant marketing campaigns with custom data pulled directly from your app.
Mailchimp Transactional
Send transactional email and SMS
Quick Start
API Reference
Documentation
Mailchimp Transactional (formerly Mandrill) sends targeted and event-driven messages via the API or SMTP, fast—with best-in-class deliverability.
12403
Mailchimp Open Commerce
12403
Build your own commerce stack
Mailchimp Open Commerce (formerly Reaction Commerce) is an open source, API-first, modular commerce stack made for technical, growth-minded retailers.
Quick Start
GraphQL Playground
Documentation
You’ll be in good company
When you build integrations with Mailchimp, you’re creating tools for a trusted and reliable platform that powers marketing, e-commerce, and more for millions of small businesses.
14M
Trusted by fourteen million customers and counting
1B
Rock-solid reliability delivers 1 billion emails daily
300+
Dev teams have launched over 300 Mailchimp integrations so far
Mailchimp Integration Partner Program
A helping hand to scale your Mailchimp Integration
As an Integration Partner, you’ll have access to exclusive benefits, insights, and opportunities to grow your business.
Learn More
$1 Million to the Developer Community
We’ve invested in the developer community with a fund to power the creation of new Mailchimp integrations. Keep an eye on the integrations directory to see what’s new!
Browse Integrations
On the Mailchimp side, the fact that the API allows us to send automated emails to catch potential customers that might otherwise be lost is a great feature.
Santiago Paragarino, Senior Magento developer & Gonzalo Dominguez, Senior Engineer, Ebizmarts
Products
Mailchimp Marketing API
Mailchimp Transactional
Mailchimp Open Commerce
Resources
Tools
Release Notes
API Status
Partnerships
Contact Us
Join Mailchimp
Explore how Mailchimp can bring together your customer data, marketing channels, and audience insights in a single platform.
Create Account
Visit Mailchimp
Careers
Privacy & Terms
Read the documentation
Help
©
2001 -
2026
All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp
®
is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group.