Xero Developer Platform
Skip to main content
Getting Started
2026 App Awards
Documentation
Tools
Support
Sign up
Log in
Main content start
Xero Developer: Powering Your Innovation and Growth
Get started
Developer Tools
Tools and resources to help you build and test your Xero integration faster.
Xero's AI Toolkit
Get Started with Xero's AI Toolkit including OpenAI Agents SDK, MCP Server, LangChain and prompt examples.
Check out the AI Toolkit
Developer Tools and Resources
This includes Xero APIs, SDKs, code samples, documentation and more.
Getting started guide
Resources for custom builds
Building your own app, agent or workflow, or for others? Get access to custom connections, list as a Xero certified development partner, collaborate with your clients.
Learn more about custom development
Automation Resources for Your Business or Practice
Learn more about w
orkflow builders, watch the AI Automation Series, review the prompt library, and more.
Unlock AI automations
Developer Programs That Accelerate Your Growth
Turn your integration into a profitable business by leveraging the benefits of Xero Developer programs.
Xero Developer Growth Program
Participation in the Growth Program includes increased promotion, marketing and collaborative opportunities.
Xero Developer Growth Program
Xero Referral Program
Earn commissions for every single new paying subscriber you refer to Xero.
Xero Referral Program
Global Xero App Awards 2026
The Xero App Awards celebrate the most innovative, impactful apps for Xero users.
Xero Global App Awards
Become an App Partner
Start Building
Sign up for a free account to build on the Xero platform. Take a look at our getting started guide, SDKs and the other steps you need to complete for certification.
Steps to becoming an app partner
Get Certified
Find customers who love your app, you'll need ten to get certified. See our certification checkpoints and best practices for more details.
Review the certification checkpoints
Publish your App on the Xero App Store
Publish your app on the Xero App Store for access to over 4 million small business customers and 200,000+ accountants and bookkeepers.
Create an Xero App Store listing
Resources for Accountant and Bookkeepers
Whether you're automating workflows or building a bespoke integration for your practice, our platform remains free for internal innovation. Our toolkit of resources helps you build your own, or hire a developer to build an integration for you. Find all the resources you need here.
Find a Custom Integrator
Whether you’re connecting applications to Xero or building your own, these developers are here to help.
Check out Xero's custom integrators
Automation Resources for your Business or Practice
Not a developer, no problem! Explore tools and resources for Accountants and Bookkeepers.
Resources for Accountants and Bookkeepers
Understanding how new pricing affects Accountants and Bookkeepers
On 4-December we announced new pricing. Accountants and Bookkepers are exempt from this new pricing model.
Check out details around the new pricing
Building Custom Integrations?
Seamlessly connect to Xero with custom integrations tailored to your needs.
Sign up as a development partner
If you’ve got proven experience building custom integrations with the Xero API, then register to become a developer partner.
Learn more about custom development
Custom connections
A streamlined integration option for anyone building bespoke solutions for Xero businesses. It utilises the client credentials grant type to provide a simplified, efficient developer experience.
Create a custom connection
Add a collaborator
Building and maintaining an app or integration with Xero often involves a team of people. Xero’s app collaboration function ensures that multiple people can have access to an app.
Add a collaborator
Talk to us!
We know you have a lot to say and we're here to listen. Here are some ways you can connect with the team, share your feedback or ask questions!
Weekly Office Hours
Connect with our team and each other:
Session 1:
Thursdays at 4:00pm BST / 8:00am PDT / 9:00am MDT
Session 2:
Fridays at 11:00am NZT / 9:00am AEDT / Thursdays 3:00pm PST
Join office hours
Developer Day Discord Server
Join the Xero Developer Day Discord Server and follow the Dev Day virtually.
Check out the Dev Day Discord
Provide product feedback
Share, upvote, and discuss ideas that could improve Xero’s APIs, developer tools, and programs.
Share your feedback with Xero Developer
Exhibit at Xerocon 2026 in London and Denver!
Connect with thousands of accountants at the most beautiful and innovative conference for cloud accounting leaders.
Explore the Prospectus
Ready to build with Xero?
Get started with our APIs and developer tools to create powerful integrations for small business.
Get started
Check out the AI Toolkit
AI toolkit
MCP Server
Agents Toolkit
Prompt Library
Documentation
OAuth 2
API reference
Webhooks
Community
GitHub
Product Feedback
Connect to the Community
Weekly Office Hours
Dev Day Discord Server
Find a developer
News
DevBlog
API status
Changelog
Support
Contact us
FAQ
© 2026 Xero Limited. All rights reserved. "Xero", "Beautiful business" and "Your business supercharged" are trademarks of Xero Limited.
About Xero
Developer Platform Terms and Conditions
The Xero Developer Platform Commercial Terms
Xero ecosystem principles
Dev Council Terms and Conditions